Apple msft facebook updates (#137)
fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_ad_reporting v1.13.0

> 

Reviewer: Gotta add PR link(s)

Author: thank you!

## Breaking Changes: Version Updates
The following dependencies have been updated following upstream breaking changes. See the below release notes for more information.
  - `dbt_apple_search_ads` ([v0.5.0](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_apple_search_ads/releases/tag/v0.5.0))
  - `dbt_microsoft_ads` ([v0.10.0](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads/releases/tag/v0.10.0))

> The `conversions` field now exists for `apple_search_ads`, using `tap_installs` as the titular field.

Reviewer: I believe conversions were included already, we just didn't need to explicitly include them in the get_query `field_mapping` because they matched the default field name "conversions"

Author: ok gotcha. i might just make note that we switched the native field that feeds into it then

# dbt_ad_reporting v1.13.0
[PR #137](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/pull/137) includes the following updates:

## Breaking Changes: Version Updates
The following dependencies have been updated following upstream breaking changes. See the below release notes for more information.
  - `dbt_apple_search_ads` ([v0.5.0](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_apple_search_ads/releases/tag/v0.5.0))
  - `dbt_microsoft_ads` ([v0.10.0](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads/releases/tag/v0.10.0))

> The `conversions` field for `apple_search_ads` now sources from `tap_installs`.

Reviewer: The way this renders makes it look like this is part of the microsoft ads update
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d7086ec-3975-47b0-a002-b91e1a1a91ce)

Perhaps make it its own bullet or a sub-bullet of the apple search ads note? Or could go in the "Under the Hood" section

Author: thanks for catching! moved it to under the hood

## Bug Fixes
- Resolved a CLI Warning caused by the `metricflow_time_spine` model not having a properly documented YAML configuration.

## Under The Hood
- Updated `apple_search_ads` and `microsoft_ads` seed files to keep consistent with changes to seed files in the individual packages.
- The `conversions` field for `apple_search_ads` now sources from `tap_installs`.

> - Removed the dependency on [calogica/dbt_date](https://github.com/calogica/dbt-date) as it is no longer actively maintained. To maintain functionality, the `get_base_dates` macro used in `metricflow_time_spine` semantic model has been replicated and housed within the `macros/fivetran_date_macros` [folder](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/tree/main/macros/fivetran_date_macros). All relevant macros have been prefixed with `fivetran_` to avoid potential naming conflicts.

Reviewer 2: This should be moved to the breaking changes: version updates section

Reviewer 2: I would also make a sub bullet stating that we have retained the variable name/usage of `dbt_date:time_zone` to make this transition easier for users. It will be relevant for them to know that although we are removing the dependency and renaming macros, this variable will still be used the same.

> - Removed the dependency on [calogica/dbt_date](https://github.com/calogica/dbt-date) as it is no longer actively maintained. To maintain functionality, the `get_base_dates` macro used in `metricflow_time_spine` semantic model has been replicated and housed within the `macros/fivetran_date_macros` [folder](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/tree/main/macros/fivetran_date_macros). All relevant macros have been prefixed with `fivetran_` to avoid potential naming conflicts.

Reviewer 2: It looks a bit strange that we only need one macro, but we ended up recreating 11 macros. Adding a bit more context here to explain why there are so many macros.
```suggestion
- Removed the dependency on [calogica/dbt_date](https://github.com/calogica/dbt-date) as it is no longer actively maintained. To maintain functionality, the `get_base_dates` macro (along with all other dependent macros) used in `metricflow_time_spine` semantic model has been replicated and housed within the `macros/fivetran_date_macros` [folder](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/tree/main/macros/fivetran_date_macros). All fivetran_date_macros have been prefixed with `fivetran_` to avoid potential naming conflicts.
```

Author: added
